{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red116\green116\blue116;\red227\green176\blue255;
\red151\green149\blue199;\red175\green221\blue255;\red177\green226\blue175;\red219\green217\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgenericrgb\c45371\c45371\c45371;\cssrgb\c91743\c75738\c100000;
\cssrgb\c65805\c65672\c81979;\cssrgb\c73675\c89410\c100000;\cssrgb\c74161\c90018\c74122;\cssrgb\c88522\c88501\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16560\viewh13420\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 Of course. Based on the competitive analysis of Canvas and the technical gap analysis of the RoomPlan API, here are the key\
  areas where we can improve the iOS app.\
\
  The improvements fall into two main categories:\
   1. 
\f1\b Immediate User Experience (UX) Enhancements:
\f0\b0  Low-effort, high-impact changes to make the existing scanning process more\
      robust and user-friendly, inspired by Canvas.\
   2. 
\f1\b Major "Pro" Feature Additions:
\f0\b0  Larger development efforts that leverage untapped parts of the RoomPlan API to add\
      significant new capabilities.\
\
  \cf3 ---\cf2 \
\
  
\f1\b 1. Immediate UX Enhancements (The "Canvas" Model)
\f0\b0 \
\
  These changes focus on guiding the user to create a better scan, which in turn leads to more accurate data for our Assembly\
  Engine.\
\
   * 
\f1\b Implement a Pre-Scan Checklist:
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b What:
\f0\b0  Before the camera view opens, present a simple modal screen with a checklist for the user.\
       * 
\f1\b Guidance:
\f0\b0  "Prepare the room for the best results:\
           * [ ] Turn on all lights\
           * [ ] Open all interior doors (closets, pantries)\
           * [ ] Make sure window corners are visible\
           * [ ] Wipe your camera lens"\
       * 
\f1\b Why:
\f0\b0  This sets the user up for success before they even begin scanning, reducing the chance of errors and improving the\
         quality of the 3D model and captured images.\
\
   * 
\f1\b Add In-Scan Pattern Guidance:
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b What:
\f0\b0  During the live scan, display small, non-intrusive visual cues or animated overlays that teach the user 
\f2\i how
\f0\i0  to\
         move.\
       * 
\f1\b Guidance:
\f0\b0  Instead of just letting the user wave the phone around, we should encourage the methodical "painting" motion\
         that Canvas recommends (scan the floor, move up the wall, pan across the ceiling, move sideways, repeat).\
       * 
\f1\b Why:
\f0\b0  This actively trains the user to perform a high-quality scan. Better scan quality means more accurate measurements\
         and better image data for the Gemini service, leading directly to more reliable estimates.\
\
  \cf3 ---\cf2 \
\
  
\f1\b 2. Major "Pro" Feature Additions (RoomPlan API Gaps)
\f0\b0 \
\
  These are significant new features that would dramatically expand the app's capabilities and create a strong competitive moat.\
\
   * 
\f1\b Implement Multi-Room Scanning:
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b What:
\f0\b0  Use the \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  class from the RoomPlan API. This involves creating a UI flow where a user can finish\
         scanning one room and then tap an "Add Another Room" button to continue scanning adjacent spaces. The API then handles\
         merging these individual scans into a single, cohesive model of the entire floor.\
       * 
\f1\b Why:
\f0\b0  This is a "killer feature." It elevates the app from a single-room tool to a whole-home solution, making it viable\
         for general contractors, architects, and designers working on large-scale remodels. It's a clear differentiator that\
         would justify a "Pro" subscription tier.\
\
   * 
\f1\b Add Realistic 3D Asset Substitution:
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b What:
\f0\b0  Use the \cf4 RoomBuilder\cf2  API to replace the generic, colored bounding boxes that RoomPlan creates for furniture and\
         appliances with our own library of simple, generic 3D models.\
       * 
\f1\b Why:
\f0\b0  This provides a massive boost to the user's confidence and the app's perceived professionalism. When the user reviews\
          the scan and sees a recognizable (even if generic) 3D model of a sofa instead of a blue cube labeled "sofa," they will\
         have much more trust in the accuracy of the capture before they proceed to generate the estimate.\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2   \cf5 > Use the apple-doc-mcp to verify all of the research that we did about the iOS flow and our plan to implement the features.\cf2   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 Excellent idea. I will use the Apple documentation tools to formally verify our research and validate the proposed\
  implementation plan. This will ensure our path forward is aligned with Apple's official APIs and best practices.\
\
  My verification process will have two main steps:\
\
   1. 
\f1\b Verify the Research:
\f0\b0  I will use the documentation to confirm that the features we identified as "missing" (\cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2 \
      for multi-room scanning and \cf4 RoomBuilder\cf2  for custom assets) do, in fact, exist and function as we understood.\
   2. 
\f1\b Validate the Plan:
\f0\b0  I will confirm that the implementation path I proposed (i.e., using these specific classes) is the\
      correct and intended way to build these features.\
\
  I will start by searching for the \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  class to validate the "Multi-Room Scanning" feature.\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 The search confirms the existence of \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2 . The description, "An object that combines multiple scan sessions into a\
  single captured result," directly validates our research.\
\
  Now, I will get the detailed documentation for it.\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 The documentation for \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  is clear. The method \cf4 capturedStructure(from:)\cf2  is explicitly designed to "combine the\
  argument captured rooms into a single unit."\
\
  
\f1\b Verification:
\f0\b0  This confirms that our plan to implement multi-room scanning by using the \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  class is 
\f1\b correct
\f0\b0 .\
\
  \cf3 ---\cf2 \
\
  Next, I will verify the "Custom 3D Asset Substitution" feature by searching for the \cf4 RoomBuilder\cf2  class.\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 The search confirms the existence of \cf4 RoomBuilder\cf2 . Now I will get its detailed documentation to see if it supports custom models.\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 The overview for \cf4 RoomBuilder\cf2  is generic. I need to inspect its configuration options, \cf4 RoomBuilder.ConfigurationOptions\cf2 , to see\
  if custom asset substitution is mentioned there.\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 The \cf4 beautifyObjects\cf2  option is interesting, but it doesn't explicitly mention custom models. I recall from the main RoomPlan\
  documentation page that there was a specific article on this topic. I will go back and find that specific documentation link.\
\
  The main RoomPlan page mentioned: "Providing custom models for captured rooms and structure exports\cf6  \cf2 \
  (/documentation/roomplan/providing-custom-models-for-captured-rooms-and-structure-exports)". I will get the documentation for\
  that path.\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 This confirms it. The documentation page titled "Providing custom models for captured rooms and structure exports" with the\
  overview "Enhance the look of an exported 3D model by substituting object bounding boxes with detailed 3D renditions" directly\
  validates this feature.\
\
  
\f1\b Verification:
\f0\b0  This confirms that our plan to implement realistic 3D model previews by substituting bounding boxes with our own\
  3D assets is 
\f1\b correct
\f0\b0  and is a feature explicitly supported by the framework.\
\
  \cf3 ---\cf2 \
\
  
\f1\b Final Verification Summary
\f0\b0 \
\
  The \cf4 apple-doc-mcp\cf2  tool has successfully verified our research and validated our implementation plan.\
\
   1. 
\f1\b Multi-Room Scanning:
\f0\b0  Confirmed. The \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  class is the correct tool for merging multiple scans into a single\
      structure. Our plan to use it is sound.\
   2. 
\f1\b Custom 3D Asset Substitution:
\f0\b0  Confirmed. The framework provides a specific mechanism for replacing object bounding boxes\
      with detailed 3D models to "enhance the look" of the export. Our plan to leverage this is also sound.\
\
  Our analysis was accurate, and the proposed "Major 'Pro' Feature Additions" are based on a correct understanding of the RoomPlan\
  API's capabilities. We can proceed with confidence.\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2   \cf5 > But with Canvas, I was able to scan multiple rooms in one scanning session. I didn't have to scan individual rooms, and it \cf2   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 would stitch them together. I was able to essentially scan an entire floor in one go.\cf2                                         \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 That is an excellent and critical point. Thank you for clarifying. Your direct experience with the Canvas app provides a crucial\
  insight that my analysis of their marketing materials missed.\
\
  You are absolutely right. It is possible to achieve a multi-room scan in a single, continuous session with the RoomPlan API. My\
  previous analysis focused on the \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  API, which is for stitching 
\f2\i separate
\f0\i0  scan sessions together. Your experience\
  highlights a different, more fluid workflow.\
\
  Let's break down the two technical approaches to multi-room scanning and their trade-offs:\
\
  
\f1\b Approach A: The "Single Continuous Scan" (What Canvas does)
\f0\b0 \
\
   * 
\f1\b How it Works:
\f0\b0  The app simply allows the \cf4 RoomCaptureSession\cf2  to continue running as the user walks from one room, through a\
     doorway, and into the next. The RoomPlan framework will do its best to map the entire space as one large, complex\
     \cf4 CapturedRoom\cf2  object. The walls between the rooms are treated as internal walls, and the doorways are identified as openings.\
   * 
\f1\b Pros:
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b Superior User Experience:
\f0\b0  This is the biggest advantage. The user doesn't have to think about starting and stopping; they\
          just "paint" the entire floor in one go. It feels seamless and intuitive.\
   * 
\f1\b Cons:
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b Higher Risk of Error:
\f0\b0  The longer a single scan session runs, the more susceptible it is to tracking errors, drift, and\
         inaccuracies. A single mistake (e.g., moving too fast, a poorly lit area) could corrupt the scan for the 
\f2\i entire floor
\f0\i0 ,\
         forcing the user to start over from scratch.\
       * 
\f1\b Less Structured Data:
\f0\b0  The output is one monolithic \cf4 CapturedRoom\cf2  object. It becomes programmatically more difficult for\
         our backend to definitively say "this is the kitchen" and "this is the living room." We would have to infer the room\
         boundaries based on the interior walls, which can be complex.\
       * 
\f1\b Higher Resource Usage:
\f0\b0  Scanning an entire floor plan in one session places a much higher demand on the device's memory\
         and processing power.\
\
  
\f1\b Approach B: The "Stitched Scans" (My initial proposal)
\f0\b0 \
\
   * 
\f1\b How it Works:
\f0\b0  The app guides the user to scan one room, then explicitly stop. The app saves that \cf4 CapturedRoom\cf2 . Then, the user\
      is prompted to start a new scan for the next room. After two or more rooms are captured as separate sessions, the app uses\
     the \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  API to intelligently merge them into a single \cf4 CapturedStructure\cf2  object.\
   * 
\f1\b Pros:
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b More Robust and Reliable:
\f0\b0  Errors are isolated. If a scan of one room fails, the user only has to rescan that single room,\
          not the entire house. This is critical for professional use.\
       * 
\f1\b Better Data Structure:
\f0\b0  The final output is a \cf4 CapturedStructure\cf2  object which contains a clean array of individual\
         \cf4 CapturedRoom\cf2  objects. This makes it trivial for our backend to process the estimate on a room-by-room basis (e.g.,\
         "Kitchen Total," "Bathroom Total").\
       * 
\f1\b Lower Resource Usage:
\f0\b0  Each individual scan is smaller and less demanding on the device.\
\
  
\f1\b Recommendation and Plan
\f0\b0 \
\
  Your point is valid\'97the Canvas UX is very slick. However, for our specific goal of generating accurate, detailed, and defensible\
  cost estimates, 
\f1\b Approach B ("Stitched Scans") is the superior engineering choice.
\f0\b0 \
\
  
\f1\b My recommendation is to proceed with the plan to implement multi-room scanning using the `StructureBuilder` API.
\f0\b0 \
\
  
\f1\b Justification:
\f0\b0 \
   1. 
\f1\b Data Integrity:
\f0\b0  The clean, room-by-room data structure provided by \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  is a perfect match for our Assembly\
      Engine, which is designed to work with discrete spaces.\
   2. 
\f1\b Reliability:
\f0\b0  For a professional tool, minimizing the risk of losing an entire floor's worth of work due to a single scanning\
      error is paramount. The "Stitched Scans" approach is far more resilient.\
   3. 
\f1\b Future-Proofing:
\f0\b0  \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  is Apple's explicitly designed solution for multi-room scenarios. Aligning with the\
      official, purpose-built API is the most stable and forward-compatible strategy.\
\
  While the "Single Continuous Scan" offers a more fluid UX, the robustness and data quality of the "Stitched Scans" method make it\
   the right choice for building a professional-grade estimation tool. We can still incorporate the excellent user guidance from\
  Canvas (patterned motion, pre-scan checklists) into our single-room scanning process to get the best of both worlds.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2   \cf5 > I see your point. I think it makes sense for an MVP that we use Structure Builder in the back-end to separate the \cf2         \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 individual measurements because our only goal right now is to provide accurate measurements and that way we can \cf2           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 compartmentalize each room. We don't need to add the 3D just yet. We would just have to add logic if we're starting and \cf2   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 stopping a scan in each room. I don't know, it takes time to start the scan and stop the scan process, and then start the\cf2  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5  next scan, stop it, process it, and start the next scan, stop it, and process it. And if it's the same floor type in \cf2     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 each room except for one room, it adds more complexity that way.\cf2                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2   \cf5 > I see your point. I think it makes sense for an MVP that we use Structure Builder in the back-end to separate the \cf2         \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 individual measurements because our only goal right now is to provide accurate measurements and that way we can \cf2           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 compartmentalize each room. We don't need to add the 3D just yet. We would just have to add logic if we're starting and \cf2   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 stopping a scan in each room. I don't know, it takes time to start the scan and stop the scan process, and then start the\cf2  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5  next scan, stop it, process it, and start the next scan, stop it, and process it. And if it's the same floor type in \cf2     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 each room except for one room, it adds more complexity that way.\cf2                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 You've hit on a very important point regarding the user experience and the practicalities of the scanning workflow. The\
  overhead of repeatedly starting, stopping, and processing each room individually can indeed be cumbersome for the user, and\
  it's a valid concern for efficiency, especially if many rooms share similar characteristics.\
\
  Let's refine the multi-room scanning strategy to address these concerns while still leveraging the robustness and data\
  integrity benefits of the \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  approach.\
\
  
\f1\b Refined Multi-Room Scanning Workflow: "Scan-and-Queue" Approach
\f0\b0 \
\
  Instead of fully processing each room immediately after scanning, we can adopt a "scan-and-queue" approach.\
\
  
\f1\b Current Workflow (Single Room):
\f0\b0 \
   1. Scan Room A -> Stop -> Process Room A -> Display Results.\
\
  
\f1\b Proposed Refined Multi-Room Workflow:
\f0\b0 \
\
   1. 
\f1\b Scan Room A:
\f0\b0  User scans Room A.\
   2. 
\f1\b Stop Scan (Room A):
\f0\b0  User taps "Done" for Room A.\
   3. 
\f1\b Quick Save/Queue (Room A):
\f0\b0  The raw \cf4 CapturedRoomData\cf2  for Room A is quickly saved to local storage (or a temporary\
      in-memory queue). 
\f2\i No immediate heavy processing or backend call occurs here.
\f0\i0 \
   4. 
\f1\b Prompt for Next Room:
\f0\b0  The app immediately prompts the user: "Room A Scanned. Would you like to scan another room?"\
       * If "Yes": Go to Step 5.\
       * If "No": Go to Step 7.\
   5. 
\f1\b Scan Room B (and subsequent rooms):
\f0\b0  User scans Room B (and C, D...).\
   6. 
\f1\b Repeat Quick Save/Queue:
\f0\b0  For each subsequent room, the raw \cf4 CapturedRoomData\cf2  is quickly saved/queued.\
   7. 
\f1\b Batch Processing & Stitching:
\f0\b0  Once the user indicates they are done scanning all rooms:\
       * All queued \cf4 CapturedRoomData\cf2  objects are passed to the \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  to create a single \cf4 CapturedStructure\cf2 . This is\
         where the "stitching" happens.\
       * The \cf4 CapturedStructure\cf2  (containing all individual \cf4 CapturedRoom\cf2  objects) is then sent to the backend for processing.\
\
  
\f1\b Addressing Your Concerns with this Approach:
\f0\b0 \
\
   * 
\f1\b "It takes time to start the scan and stop the scan process, and then start the next scan..."
\f0\b0 \
       * This refined flow still requires starting and stopping the \cf4 RoomCaptureSession\cf2  for each distinct room. This is a\
         fundamental requirement of the \cf4 RoomPlan\cf2  API to define individual \cf4 CapturedRoom\cf2  objects.\
       * However, by 
\f2\i deferring
\f0\i0  the heavy processing and backend calls until the very end, the perceived "time" between scans\
         is significantly reduced. The user is quickly moved to the next scanning session.\
\
   * 
\f1\b "...and then start the next scan, stop it, process it, and start the next scan, stop it, and process it."
\f0\b0 \
       * This is precisely what the "scan-and-queue" approach avoids. Processing is batched at the end, not after each room.\
\
   * 
\f1\b "And if it's the same floor type in each room except for one room, it adds more complexity that way."
\f0\b0 \
       * This is where the compartmentalization of \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  and our backend's Assembly Engine shines.\
       * The \cf4 Gemini ML Service\cf2  will analyze each \cf4 CapturedRoom\cf2  (within the \cf4 CapturedStructure\cf2 ) individually to identify its\
         specific materials (e.g., "Room A: hardwood," "Room B: hardwood," "Room C: carpet").\
       * The \cf4 Assembly Engine\cf2  then processes each room's identified materials and dimensions separately. If Room A and Room B\
         both have hardwood, the engine will simply apply the hardwood cost calculation to the dimensions of Room A and then\
         again to the dimensions of Room B. This is not added complexity; it's accurate, compartmentalized calculation.\
       * This approach ensures that if, for example, Room A has 100 SF of hardwood and Room B has 150 SF of hardwood, the\
         estimate correctly reflects 250 SF of hardwood, but also provides the breakdown per room, which is crucial for\
         professional estimates.\
\
  
\f1\b Concrete Steps for Implementation:
\f0\b0 \
\
   1. 
\f1\b iOS App (`ScanningView.swift`, `ScanningViewModel.swift`):
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b Modify `ScanningView`:
\f0\b0  Introduce a "Scan Next Room" button or similar UI after a single room scan is completed.\
       * 
\f1\b Update `ScanningViewModel`:
\f0\b0 \
           * Add a mechanism to temporarily store an array of \cf4 CapturedRoomData\cf2  objects.\
           * When a scan ends, instead of immediately calling the backend, save the \cf4 CapturedRoomData\cf2  to this array.\
           * Add a new function (e.g., \cf4 finalizeMultiRoomScan()\cf2 ) that, when called, takes all stored \cf4 CapturedRoomData\cf2  objects\
             and passes them to \cf4 StructureBuilder.capturedStructure(from:)\cf2 .\
           * Send the resulting \cf4 CapturedStructure\cf2  to the backend.\
\
   2. 
\f1\b Backend API (`estimates.js`):
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b Update Payload:
\f0\b0  The \cf4 /generate\cf2  endpoint will need to be updated to accept a \cf4 CapturedStructure\cf2  object (or an array of\
         \cf4 CapturedRoomData\cf2  objects that the backend then stitches). This will likely involve changes to the\
         \cf4 EstimateRequestPayload\cf2  Swift struct and the corresponding Joi schema validation on the backend.\
\
   3. 
\f1\b Backend (`geminiIntegration.js`, `assemblyEngine.js`):
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b `geminiIntegration.js`:
\f0\b0  Will need to iterate through the individual \cf4 CapturedRoom\cf2  objects within the \cf4 CapturedStructure\cf2 \
         and perform analysis for each room, returning a structured list of elements 
\f2\i per room
\f0\i0 .\
       * 
\f1\b `assemblyEngine.js`:
\f0\b0  Will then process the elements for each room, calculating costs and grouping them, ultimately\
         producing a final estimate that can be broken down by individual room.\
\
  This "scan-and-queue" approach provides the best balance of user experience, data integrity, and alignment with the \cf4 RoomPlan\cf2 \
  API for a professional-grade MVP.\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2   \cf5 > Ok, I agree with you. I think we can go forward this way for an MVP. Analyze the existing iOS project. To make sure \cf2     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5 that my vision and your understanding as well as what we're trying to accomplish is being done and all we need to do is\cf2  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \cf5  make the modifications previously discussed. Make sure to use the Apple Dev Docs-MCP tool to verify all documentation.\cf2  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\
\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 Okay, I will perform a detailed analysis of the existing iOS project to confirm its alignment with our shared MVP vision and\
  to verify that the discussed modifications are indeed straightforward additions. I will use the \cf4 apple-doc-mcp\cf2  tools to back\
  up my findings with official documentation.\
\
  
\f1\b Detailed Analysis of iOS App for MVP Alignment
\f0\b0 \
\
  The iOS application (\cf4 ios-app/ContractorLens/\cf2 ) is structured logically and uses modern Apple frameworks, making it\
  well-suited for our MVP.\
\
  
\f3\i\b \cf5 1. Project Structure and Architectural Pattern
\f0\i0\b0 \cf2 \
\
   * 
\f1\b Observation:
\f0\b0  The project adheres to the 
\f1\b MVVM (Model-View-ViewModel)
\f0\b0  architectural pattern.\
       * \cf4 Views/\cf2 : Contains SwiftUI views responsible for the UI.\
       * \cf4 ViewModels/\cf2 : Contains \cf4 ObservableObject\cf2  classes that manage view state and business logic.\
       * \cf4 Models/\cf2 : Contains \cf4 Codable\cf2  Swift structs defining data structures.\
       * \cf4 AR/\cf2 : Contains AR-specific logic and \cf4 RoomPlan\cf2  integration.\
       * \cf4 Services/\cf2 : Contains network and other utility services.\
   * 
\f1\b Verification (SwiftUI MVVM):
\f0\b0 \
       * \cf4 @Published\cf2  property wrapper: Used in ViewModels (e.g., \cf4 EstimateViewModel.swift\cf2 ) to automatically update views when\
         data changes.\
\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 search_symbols (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"framework":"SwiftUI","query":"Published","symbolType":"propertyWrapper"\}\cf2   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # Search Results for "Published"                                                                                      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Scope:** Framework: SwiftUI                                                                                         \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Symbol Type:** propertyWrapper                                                                                      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Found:** 0 results                                                                                                  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## No Results Found                                                                                                   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     Try:                                                                                                                  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Broader search terms                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Wildcard patterns (e.g., "UI*", "*View*")                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Removing filters                                                                                                    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 My apologies, the \cf4 search_symbols\cf2  tool for \cf4 Published\cf2  property wrapper in SwiftUI returned no results. This is because\
  \cf4 @Published\cf2  is part of the \cf4 Combine\cf2  framework, not strictly \cf4 SwiftUI\cf2 .\
\
  Let's verify the core of SwiftUI's reactive pattern by searching for \cf4 ObservableObject\cf2  and \cf4 @StateObject\cf2 , which are the\
  primary ways SwiftUI interacts with \cf4 @Published\cf2  properties.\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 search_symbols (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"framework":"SwiftUI","query":"ObservableObject","symbolType":"protocol"\}\cf2   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # Search Results for "ObservableObject"                                                                               \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Scope:** Framework: SwiftUI                                                                                         \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Symbol Type:** protocol                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Found:** 0 results                                                                                                  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## No Results Found                                                                                                   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     Try:                                                                                                                  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Broader search terms                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Wildcard patterns (e.g., "UI*", "*View*")                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Removing filters                                                                                                    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2   \cf5 > Why did you stop?\cf2   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
\cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2 My apologies. I encountered an unexpected "No Results Found" response when trying to verify \cf4 ObservableObject\cf2  and \cf4 @Published\cf2 \
  using the \cf4 search_symbols\cf2  tool, which interrupted my flow. This is likely due to the tool's specific indexing of Swift\
  symbols.\
\
  I will continue the verification process by adjusting my approach for the \cf4 apple-doc-mcp\cf2  tool. Instead of \cf4 search_symbols\cf2 , I\
  will directly use \cf4 get_documentation\cf2  for known paths or broader searches if necessary, as these are fundamental SwiftUI\
  concepts.\
\
  Let's resume the detailed analysis of the iOS app, focusing on the MVVM pattern and then moving to the specific components.\
\
  \cf3 ---\cf2 \
\
\
  
\f1\b Detailed Analysis of iOS App for MVP Alignment (Continued)
\f0\b0 \
\
  
\f3\i\b \cf5 1. Project Structure and Architectural Pattern (Continued)
\f0\i0\b0 \cf2 \
\
   * 
\f1\b Observation:
\f0\b0  The project adheres to the 
\f1\b MVVM (Model-View-ViewModel)
\f0\b0  architectural pattern.\
       * \cf4 Views/\cf2 : Contains SwiftUI views responsible for the UI.\
       * \cf4 ViewModels/\cf2 : Contains \cf4 ObservableObject\cf2  classes that manage view state and business logic.\
       * \cf4 Models/\cf2 : Contains \cf4 Codable\cf2  Swift structs defining data structures.\
       * \cf4 AR/\cf2 : Contains AR-specific logic and \cf4 RoomPlan\cf2  integration.\
       * \cf4 Services/\cf2 : Contains network and other utility services.\
   * 
\f1\b Verification (SwiftUI MVVM):
\f0\b0 \
       * \cf4 @Published\cf2  property wrapper: Used in ViewModels (e.g., \cf4 EstimateViewModel.swift\cf2 ) to automatically update views when\
         data changes.\
           * 
\f1\b Documentation Check:
\f0\b0  While \cf4 search_symbols\cf2  didn't directly yield results, the concept of \cf4 @Published\cf2  is integral to\
             \cf4 ObservableObject\cf2  from the \cf4 Combine\cf2  framework, which SwiftUI leverages.\
           * 
\f1\b Code Confirmation:
\f0\b0  \cf4 EstimateViewModel.swift\cf2  clearly uses \cf4 @Published var currentEstimate: Estimate?\cf2 , \cf4 @Published var \cf2 \
             isLoading = false, etc. This is the correct usage.\
       * \cf4 ObservableObject\cf2  protocol: ViewModels conform to this protocol.\
           * 
\f1\b Documentation Check:
\f0\b0 \
\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 get_documentation (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"path":"documentation/Combine/ObservableObject"\}\cf2                   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # ObservableObject                                                                                              \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Type:** protocol                                                                                              \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Platforms:** iOS 13.0+, iPadOS 13.0+, Mac Catalyst 13.0+, macOS 10.15+, tvOS 13.0+, visionOS 1.0+, watchOS    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     6.0+                                                                                                            \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## Overview                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     A type of object with a publisher that emits before the object has changed.                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## API Reference                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Publishing Changes                                                                                          \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **objectWillChange** - A publisher that emits before the object has changed.                                  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **ObjectWillChangePublisher** - The type of publisher that emits before the object has changed.               \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2          * 
\f1\b Code Confirmation:
\f0\b0  \cf4 EstimateViewModel.swift\cf2  is declared as \cf4 class EstimateViewModel: ObservableObject\cf2 . This is\
             correct.\
       * \cf4 @StateObject\cf2  property wrapper: Used in Views to own and manage the lifecycle of ViewModels.\
           * 
\f1\b Documentation Check:
\f0\b0 \
\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 search_symbols (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"symbolType":"propertyWrapper","framework":"SwiftUI","query":"StateObject"\}\cf2   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # Search Results for "StateObject"                                                                                      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Scope:** Framework: SwiftUI                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Symbol Type:** propertyWrapper                                                                                        \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Found:** 0 results                                                                                                    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## No Results Found                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     Try:                                                                                                                    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Broader search terms                                                                                                  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Wildcard patterns (e.g., "UI*", "*View*")                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Removing filters                                                                                                      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2          * 
\f1\b Documentation Check (Alternative):
\f0\b0  Since \cf4 search_symbols\cf2  is being finicky, I'll directly check the documentation for\
             \cf4 @StateObject\cf2 .\
\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 get_documentation (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"path":"documentation/SwiftUI/StateObject"\}\cf2                        \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # StateObject                                                                                                   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Type:** struct                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Platforms:** iOS 14.0+, iPadOS 14.0+, Mac Catalyst 14.0+, macOS 11.0+, tvOS 14.0+, visionOS 1.0+, watchOS     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     7.0+                                                                                                            \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## Overview                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     A property wrapper type that instantiates an observable object.                                                 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## API Reference                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Creating a state object                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **init(wrappedValue:)** - Creates a new state object with an initial wrapped value.                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Getting the value                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **wrappedValue** - The underlying value referenced by the state object.                                       \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **projectedValue** - A projection of the state object that creates bindings to its properties.                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2          * 
\f1\b Code Confirmation:
\f0\b0  \cf4 EstimateResultsView.swift\cf2  uses \cf4 @StateObject private var viewModel = EstimateViewModel()\cf2 . This is\
             the correct way to ensure the ViewModel persists across view updates.\
       * \cf4 @MainActor\cf2  attribute: Ensures UI updates happen on the main thread.\
           * 
\f1\b Documentation Check:
\f0\b0 \
\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 search_symbols (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"symbolType":"attribute","framework":"Swift","query":"MainActor"\}\cf2     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # Search Results for "MainActor"                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Scope:** Framework: Swift                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Symbol Type:** attribute                                                                                      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Found:** 0 results                                                                                            \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## No Results Found                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     Try:                                                                                                            \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Broader search terms                                                                                          \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Wildcard patterns (e.g., "UI*", "*View*")                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 Removing filters                                                                                              \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2          * 
\f1\b Documentation Check (Alternative):
\f0\b0 \
\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 get_documentation (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"path":"documentation/Swift/MainActor"\}\cf2                            \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # MainActor                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Type:** class                                                                                                 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Platforms:** iOS 13.0+, iPadOS 13.0+, Mac Catalyst 13.0+, macOS 10.15+, tvOS 13.0+, visionOS 1.0+, watchOS    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     6.0+                                                                                                            \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## Overview                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     A singleton actor whose executor is equivalent to the main dispatch queue.                                      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## API Reference                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Instance Properties                                                                                         \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **unownedExecutor** - Retrieve the executor for this actor as an optimized, unowned reference.                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Instance Methods                                                                                            \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **enqueue(_:)** -                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Type Aliases                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **MainActor.ActorType** - The type of the shared actor instance that will be used to provide                  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     mutually-exclusive access to decl...                                                                            \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Type Properties                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **shared** - The shared actor instance that will be used to provide mutually-exclusive access to              \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     declarations ann...                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **sharedUnownedExecutor** - Shorthand for referring to the  of this global actor.                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Type Methods                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **assumeIsolated(_:file:line:)** - Assume that the current task is executing on the main actor\'92s serial       \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     executor, or stop program execu...                                                                              \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **run(resultType:body:)** - Execute the given body closure on the main actor.                                 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Default Implementations                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **Actor Implementations** -                                                                                   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **GlobalActor Implementations** -                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2          * 
\f1\b Code Confirmation:
\f0\b0  \cf4 EstimateViewModel.swift\cf2  is marked with \cf4 @MainActor\cf2 . This ensures thread safety for UI updates.\
\
  
\f1\b Conclusion on MVVM:
\f0\b0  The iOS app correctly implements the MVVM pattern using SwiftUI's reactive capabilities. This is a\
  robust and maintainable architecture.\
\
  
\f3\i\b \cf5 2. Core Components and MVP Alignment
\f0\i0\b0 \cf2 \
\
   * 
\f1\b Scanning Workflow (`ScanningView.swift`, `RoomScanner.swift`):
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b Observation:
\f0\b0  The app uses \cf4 RoomPlan\cf2  for 3D scanning. \cf4 ScanningView\cf2  wraps \cf4 RoomCaptureView\cf2  via \cf4 UIViewRepresentable\cf2 , and\
         \cf4 RoomScanner\cf2  acts as the \cf4 RoomCaptureSessionDelegate\cf2 .\
       * 
\f1\b MVP Alignment:
\f0\b0  The current implementation is single-room focused. It correctly captures \cf4 CapturedRoomData\cf2 . This sets\
         the stage perfectly for the "scan-and-queue" multi-room approach, where we will store multiple \cf4 CapturedRoomData\cf2 \
         objects and then use \cf4 StructureBuilder\cf2  (as discussed) to stitch them. The core scanning logic is sound.\
       * 
\f1\b Verification (RoomPlan):
\f0\b0 \
           * \cf4 RoomCaptureSessionDelegate\cf2 :\
\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 get_documentation (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"path":"documentation/RoomPlan/RoomCaptureSessionDelegate"\}\cf2        \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # RoomCaptureSessionDelegate                                                                                    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Type:** protocol                                                                                              \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Platforms:** iOS 16.0+, iPadOS 16.0+, Mac Catalyst 16.0+, visionOS undefined+                                 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## Overview                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     A specification of important events in the room-scanning process.                                               \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## API Reference                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Beginning a session                                                                                         \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didStartWith:)** - Notifies the delegate when the session starts.                          \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Updating a session                                                                                          \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didAdd:)** - Notifies the delegate of newly added surfaces and objects.                    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didRemove:)** - Notifies the delegate when the session removes surfaces and objects.       \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didChange:)** - Notifies the delegate when the session changes the dimensions and the      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     transform properties of surfac...                                                                               \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didUpdate:)** - Notifies the delegate when the session updates the scan results.           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Coaching the user                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didProvide:)** - Notifies the delegate of an instruction to display to the user.           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Completing a session                                                                                        \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didEndWith:error:)** - Notifies the delegate of completion with either scan results or an  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     error.                                                                                                          \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Default implementations                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didStartWith:)** - Provides a default, blank implementation for when the session starts.   \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didUpdate:)** - Provides a default, blank implementation for when the session updates      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     surfaces and objects during a ...                                                                               \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didRemove:)** - Provides a default, blank implementation for when the session removes      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     surfaces and objects.                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didChange:)** - Provides a default, blank implementation for when the capture session      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     updates the dimensions and the...                                                                               \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **captureSession(_:didProvide:)** - Provides a default, blank implementation for when the capture session     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     provides a user instruction.                                                                                    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     *... and 1 more items*                                                                                          \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2             \cf4 RoomScanner.swift\cf2  correctly implements \cf4 roomCaptureSession(_:didEndWith:error:)\cf2  and\
  \cf4 roomCaptureSession(_:didUpdate:)\cf2 .\
           * \cf4 UIViewRepresentable\cf2 :\
\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 get_documentation (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"path":"documentation/SwiftUI/UIViewRepresentable"\}\cf2                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # UIViewRepresentable                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Type:** protocol                                                                                              \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Platforms:** iOS 13.0+, iPadOS 13.0+, Mac Catalyst 13.0+, tvOS 13.0+, visionOS 1.0+                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## Overview                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     A wrapper for a UIKit view that you use to integrate that view into your SwiftUI view hierarchy.                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## API Reference                                                                                                \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Creating and updating the view                                                                              \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **makeUIView(context:)** - Creates the view object and configures its initial state.                          \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **updateUIView(_:context:)** - Updates the state of the specified view with new information from SwiftUI.     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **UIViewRepresentable.Context** -                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **UIViewType** - The type of view to present.                                                                 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Specifying a size                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **sizeThatFits(_:uiView:context:)** - Given a proposed size, returns the preferred size of the composite      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     view.                                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Cleaning up the view                                                                                        \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **dismantleUIView(_:coordinator:)** - Cleans up the presented UIKit view (and coordinator) in anticipation    \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     of their removal.                                                                                               \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Providing a custom coordinator object                                                                       \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **makeCoordinator()** - Creates the custom instance that you use to communicate changes from your view to     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     other parts of you...                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **Coordinator** - A type to coordinate with the view.                                                         \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ### Performing layout                                                                                           \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     \'95 **UIViewRepresentable.LayoutOptions** -                                                                       \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2             \cf4 ScanningView.swift\cf2  uses \cf4 RoomCaptureViewRepresentable\cf2  which correctly implements \cf4 makeUIView\cf2  and \cf4 makeCoordinator\cf2 .\
\
   * 
\f1\b Data Flow to Backend (`EstimateViewModel.swift`, `APIService.swift`, `EstimateRequestPayload.swift`):
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b Observation:
\f0\b0  \cf4 EstimateViewModel\cf2  prepares the \cf4 EstimateRequestPayload\cf2  (a \cf4 Codable\cf2  struct) and sends it via \cf4 APIService\cf2  to\
         the backend.\
       * 
\f1\b MVP Alignment:
\f0\b0  This flow is robust. The \cf4 Codable\cf2  protocol ensures type-safe communication. The current payload already\
         includes image frames and room dimensions, which are the core inputs for the backend. This part of the app is ready to\
          send the \cf4 CapturedStructure\cf2  data once the multi-room scanning is implemented.\
       * 
\f1\b Verification (Codable):
\f0\b0 \
\
 \cf5 \uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2  \cf7 \uc0\u10003 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf8 get_documentation (apple-doc-mcp MCP Server)
\f0\b0 \cf2  \cf5 \{"path":"documentation/Swift/Codable"\}\cf2                              \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     # Codable                                                                                                       \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Type:** typealias                                                                                             \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     **Platforms:** iOS 8.0+, iPadOS 8.0+, Mac Catalyst 13.0+, macOS 10.10+, tvOS 9.0+, visionOS 1.0+, watchOS 2.0+  \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2                                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     ## Overview                                                                                                     \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2     A type that can convert itself into and out of an external representation.                                      \cf5 \uc0\u9474 \cf2 \
 \cf5 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \cf2 \
\cf4 \uc0\u10022  \cf2         \cf4 EstimateRequestPayload\cf2  and \cf4 Estimate\cf2  models conform to \cf4 Codable\cf2 .\
\
   * 
\f1\b Estimate Display (`EstimateResultsView.swift`, `Estimate.swift`):
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b Observation:
\f0\b0  \cf4 EstimateResultsView\cf2  uses SwiftUI \cf4 List\cf2  and \cf4 Section\cf2  to display the \cf4 Estimate\cf2  model received from the\
         backend.\
       * 
\f1\b MVP Alignment:
\f0\b0  The current display is functional. While the backend will eventually send more granular data (as per\
         the roadmap), the existing structure of nested \cf4 Section\cf2 s and \cf4 ForEach\cf2  loops is perfectly capable of adapting to a more\
         complex \cf4 Estimate\cf2  model. The \cf4 LineItemRow\cf2  is already a separate view, making it easy to expand its detail.\
\
   * 
\f1\b Chat Interface (`ChatView.swift`, `ChatViewModel.swift`):
\f0\b0 \
       * 
\f1\b Observation:
\f0\b0  The app includes a chat interface for modifying estimates.\
       * 
\f1\b MVP Alignment:
\f0\b0  This is an optional, value-add feature. Its existence confirms the app's extensibility for AI-driven\
         interactions beyond initial estimation.\
\
  
\f3\i\b \cf5 3. Overall Conclusion on iOS App Alignment
\f0\i0\b0 \cf2 \
\
  The iOS application is 
\f1\b well-designed, correctly implemented, and perfectly aligned with our MVP vision.
\f0\b0 \
\
   * The use of 
\f1\b MVVM, SwiftUI, and `RoomPlan`
\f0\b0  follows Apple's best practices, ensuring a stable and maintainable foundation.\
   * The current single-room scanning and estimation flow provides a solid base.\
   * The planned modifications (multi-room scanning via "scan-and-queue" and improved UX guidance) are 
\f1\b additive features
\f0\b0  that\
     fit seamlessly into the existing architecture. They do not require a fundamental re-architecture of the app.\
   * The app is ready to consume the more granular estimate data once the backend is updated.\
\
  We can proceed with confidence that the iOS app is prepared for the next phase of development.\
}